# Natural-Language-Processing
Processing and Classification of Sentiment 
Project Overview:  
I have chosen the topic of processing and classification of sentiment with the dataset of Kaggle movie review phrase data. For this project on Kaggle movie review, I have focused more on the creation of my own functions to carry out some experiments on the data set. At each level of analysis, I have used filtering of the data set using NLTK-Stopword filter, punctuation filters and NTLK-porter stemmer and “bag of words” features to obtain more accurate results.  
Further I have applied some function features to the dataset and then determine the polarity by labelling it as strong positive, positive, neutral, negative, strong negative. Then I used the training data train.tsv and test data test.tsv to be analyzed by Navies Bayes classifier which has 156,060 phrases in the training data file. 
As provided in the document, I have performed various experiments to analyze the features function with various classifiers. Experiment-1 uses NLTK Naïve Bayes classifier with 3 folds to find accuracy and cross validation of different sizes of words. Experiment-2 compares the NLTK Naïve Bayes classifier with and without stop words. Experiment-3 uses weka-explorer. Experiment-4 and 5 uses sci-it learn for different classifiers. Experiment-6 compares the accuracy of Naïve Bayes classifier with decision tree and entropy classifier. Experiment-7 compare the accuracy of Naïve Bayes classifier with Bi-gram tree classifiers.
